[2.5LTS] Requirement updates (#539)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/requirements.md

-   Web Servers:
    -   Apache 2.4, with required modules `mod_rewrite`, `mod_env` and recommended: `mod_setenvif`, `mod_expires`
        - event MPM is recommended, if you need to use _prefork_ you'll also need the `mod_php` module
    -   Nginx 1.12, 1.14
-   DBMS
    -   MySQL 5.7\* or 8.0\* \** 
    -   MariaDB 10.0, 10.1, 10.2\*, 10.3\*

>     - PostgreSQL 10+

Reviewer: @SylvainGuittard no, this is fine. Seems I need to upgrade my development server as well :)

>     - PostgreSQL 10+

Author: @alongosz we could say 9.6+ if that is what you are using, it's one of the versions available with RHEL 8.x still so it can make sense.

But we should have a recommendation, so QA can primarily test what we recommend.

>     - PostgreSQL 10+

Reviewer: @andrerom from my POV it's best to support newest versions (btw. there's PostgreSQL 11 already), but only due to performance. Version 10 introduces parallel index scanning, so it might be the "go to" database for big enterprise databases with millions of Content items.

For Ubuntu it turned out to be quite simple. I just switched already installed and running PostgreSQL 10 instance to bind to default port ;-)

My question is - do we know for sure that some Customers will have problem upgrading to PostgreSQL 10? If so, then I'm fine with `9.6+`. It doesn't require adjustments on our end as the differences exist in areas we don't use because of cross-DBMS support. Though performance matters also.

>     - PostgreSQL 10+

Author: all the recommended distros here has 10, and we haven't supported postgres in long while so we don't officially have any customers on this ;)

so `10+` sounds like a good base here, it was released on `2017-10-05` so should be pretty safe by the time people start to use 2.5LTS later this year.

    -   mbstring
    -   opcache
    -   pdo
        - pdo mysql *(with mysqlnd)*
        - pdo pgsql
    -   posix
    -   reflection
    -   xml
    -   xsl
    -   zip
    -   [php-redis](https://pecl.php.net/package/redis) *(3.1.3+)* *or* [php-memcached](https://pecl.php.net/package/memcached) *(3.x+)*

<a id="mysql-versions-note"></a>

> _\* Note: Mysql 5.7+ and MariaDB 10.2+ changes how certain queries are parsed and is known to have issues with content attribute sorting queries in legacy because of that. Because of this we overall recommend MariaDB 10.1 and 10.0 in use with legacy bridge setups._

Reviewer 2: The changes above mention MariaDB 10.3 as well, not sure if it would be valid here as well?

-   OS: Any system supported by PHP
-   Filesystem: BTRFS, AUFS, ...
-   IO: Azure, (S)FTP, GridFS, [etc.](https://flysystem.thephpleague.com/docs/adapter/local/)
-   Databases: MSSQL, Oracle *(As in technically supported by Doctrine DBAL which we use, but none supported by our installer at the moment, and not covered by automated testing)*

Examples of Experimental / Deprecated Bundles:

> - Assetic 2.8 *(As of eZ Platform 2.5LTS, [WebPack Encore](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/frontend.html) is used for assets, and hence Assetic is no longer activly supported by eZ besides help with migrating code base)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assetic 2.8 *(As of eZ Platform 2.5LTS, [Webpack Encore](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/frontend.html) is used for assets. Assetic is no longer actively supported by eZ besides help with migrating code base)*
```

-   Mozilla® Firefox® most recent stable version
-   Google Chrome™ most recent stable version

### Supported browsers

> -   Chromium™ based browsers such as Microsoft® Edge® and Opera®, most recent stable version, desktop *and* tablet

Author: Edge is not yet based on Chromium, but it's coming later this year so this is just making it clear we won't waste time on deprecated versions of Edge using own layout engine.

For example:

- Platform.sh provides Redis support for versions 2.8, 3.0 and 3.2. eZ Platform supports Redis version 3.2 or higher. As a result, Redis is supported by eZ Platform Cloud versions 3.2.

> - Platform.sh provides Elastic Search service (different versions supported). eZ Platform *does not* support Elastic Search. As a result, Elastic Search is not supported for use as search engine for eZ Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Platform.sh provides Elastic Search service (different versions supported). Elastic Search is not supported for use as search engine for eZ Platform.
```
